feat: add `TypedExpr::get_type` (#5992)
noir-lang/noir: docs/docs/noir/standard_library/meta/typed_expr.md

## Methods

### get_type

#include_code as_function_definition noir_stdlib/src/meta/typed_expr.nr rust

If this expression refers to a function definitions, returns it. Otherwise returns `Option::none()`.

### get_type

#include_code get_type noir_stdlib/src/meta/typed_expr.nr rust

> Returns the type of the expression, if the expression could be resolved without errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the type of the expression, or `Option::none()` if there were errors when the expression was previously resolved.
```
Trying to be more explicit that the expression is already resolved. If not, users would have to worry about the scope `get_type` is called in.
